Reword deploy button page (#9088)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/deploy-button.md

## Background

Deploy buttons let you deploy applications to Cloudflare's global network in under five minutes. The deploy buttons use Wrangler to deploy a Worker using the [Wrangler GitHub Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/deploy-to-cloudflare-workers-with-wrangler). You can deploy an application from a set of ready-made Cloudflare templates, or make deploy buttons for your own applications to make sharing your work easier.

> Try the deploy button below to deploy a simple GraphQL server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try the deploy button below to deploy a GraphQL server:
```

    needs: test
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - name: Build & Deploy Worker
        uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
        with:
          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
          accountId: ${{ secrets.CF_ACCOUNT_ID }}
```

2.  Add the Markdown code for your button to your project's README, replacing the example `url` parameter with your repository URL.

```md
[![Deploy to Cloudflare Workers](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/button)](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/?url=https://github.com/YOURUSERNAME/YOURREPO)
```

> 3. That's it! Now anyone can click the "Deploy with Workers" button in your repository README, and easily deploy their own copy of your application to Cloudflare's global network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. With your button configured, anyone can use the **Deploy with Workers** button in your repository README, and deploy their own copy of your application to Cloudflare's global network.
```
